Elements for Project. All data sets shall consist of a single IfcProject instance, which identifies the overall project, provides defaults for units, and holds a graph of references to all data within scope. Can't see any ....

Elements for Site. Data sets shall include at least one site. The site may define existing and proposed terrain within vicinity of the bridge project and contain alignment(s), bridge(s) and potentially other structures ....

Elements for Bridge. Each bridge structure is captured within a definition describing the span location of a bridge relative to an alignment. The extents of the bridge are defined using an Axis curve, where IfcOffsetCurve....

Elements for Alignment. Horizontal and vertical alignment curves provide the underlying placement for all components in a bridge plan. Missing: Axis, Placement (not possible in IDS).

Elements for Substructure. The substructure of a bridge refers to elements that transfer loads into the ground..

Elements for Superstructure. The superstructure of a bridge refers to those elements than span horizontally to carry loads onto substructures. Missing: Alignments.

Elements for Girders.

Elements for Deck. A bridge deck is comprised of those elements used for conveying traffic but do not perform structural functions of the superstructure..

Elements for Deck segments.

Elements for Abutments. Abutments refer to substructures at the ends of a bridge. They may be composed of wing walls (on each side), head wall, stem wall, and cone..

Elements for Piers. Piers are decomposed into elements according to connectivity, indicating construction joints. Reinforcing may be indicated within inner elements such as footings, columns, members, and walls (see docu....

Elements for Piles.

Elements for Surface Proposed. The ground surface of the site indicating final conditions..

Elements for Surface Existing. The ground surface of the site indicating existing conditions..

Elements for Boring Points (IfcGeographicElement). Boring points indicating soil layers and properties at discrete locations. Site grading is indicated using several geometric structures, for which contour lines or the elevation at any point may be de....

Elements for Material. Materials are defined on elements to be constructed (e.g. concrete), fabricated (e.g. steel girders), and that exist on site (e.g. soil borings), indicating material category, classification, and stru....

Elements for Pier Stems. Each pier may have one or more stems, separated laterally..

Elements for Pier Segments. Each pier stem may have one or more segments, separated by construction joint..

Elements for Pier Caps. Each pier may have a top that spans stem(s). If such cap is above a bearing, then it is modelled as part of the superstructure..

Elements for Retaining Walls. Retaining walls refer to wall structures for retaining soil..

Elements for Apron. A bridge apron is a device to protect a river bank or river bed against scour; a shield (source: http://sdrc.lib.uiowa.edu/eng/bridges/WaddellGlossary/GlossA.htm)..

Elements for Arch. An arch refers to a hyperbolic member that supports vertical loads at intervals along its span..

Elements for Footing. Footings are typically described geometrically by enclosed polygonal areas extruded vertically according to footing depth. For stepped footings, multiple extruded solids may be used, however they must....

Elements for Pile. Piles are typically described geometrically by a circular profile extruded vertically according to pile depth. For multiple piles, mapped representation may be used to efficiently place piles of simil....

Elements for Hat Stone. Hat Stone refers to a top course on an abutment or culvert..

Elements for Girder. Bridge girders refer to horizontal support beams that span along the alignment of a bridge. For steel girders, this refers to each girder line, decomposed into beam segments. For concrete box girders,....

Elements for Boring Points 2 (IfcBorehole). Boring points indicating soil layers and properties at discrete locations. Site grading is indicated using several geometric structures, for which contour lines or the elevation at any point may be de....

Elements for Girder Type. Template defining general construction that may be used across projects..

Elements for Girder Segment. Girder segments refer to discrete sections along a girder line. They may be modelled as one object that encapsulates the overall cross section (e.g. I-Shape steel, arbitrary precast profile), or as se....

Elements for Plates. Built-up girders may be decomposed into plates (or members) for web, flanges, cover plates, longitudinal stiffeners, and vertical stiffeners. Comment: Not adding any partOf requirements since plates a....

Elements for Cross Frame. Bridge cross frames connect two girders laterally. Cross-framing between girders may be described using templates of member configurations. Such cross framing is captured within components, using stan....

Elements for Diaphragm. Diaphragms refer to sections of bridge girders immediately above supporting structures that provide additional lateral and vertical support. Diaphragms are modeled similarly as concrete girder segment....

Elements for Truss. Trusses refer to a framework of linear structural elements in tension and compression for supporting the span of a bridge superstructure. Within a truss, struts refer to compression elements, and ties....

Elements for Deck Span. Bridge deck spans represent the surface of a bridge. They may be decomposed into segments and components..

Elements for Deck Segment. This entity may be used to model segments of a bridge deck, separated by construction orexpansion joint. Geometry for bridge decks is typically represented using IfcSectionedSolidHorizontal for defini....

Elements for Parapet. This entity may be used to model barriers of constant cross-section, or architectural railings. Barriers may be defined as a constant cross-section placed along the alignment at either edge of a bridg....

Elements for Railing. This entity may be used to model barriers of constant cross-section, or architectural railings. Barriers may be defined as a constant cross-section placed along the alignment at either edge of a bridg....

Elements for Approach slab. An approach slab refers to a slab providing transition between a bridge and road pavement, where an expansion joint allows for differential settlement, temperature changes, and freeze/thaw effects..

Elements for Cornice. A cornice is construction eveloping the sides of a bridge protecting the deck..

Elements for Waterproofing. Waterproofing membranes are applied on top of deck segments..

Elements for Bearing. Bearings refer to elements connecting substructure elements to superstructure elements where movement is allowed along one or more degrees of freedom. Comment: Type relationship, Mechanical constraint....

Elements for Bearing type. Type of bearing, where common geometry and properties may be defined. Comment: Occurrence relationship, Mechanical constraint.

Elements for Joint. An expansion joint is an assembly connection between construction elements to allow for thermal differential expansions. Comment: Type relationship, Expansion extent, Connections..

Elements for Joint type. Type of joint, where common geometry and properties may be defined. Comment: Occurrence relationship, Expansion extent, Connections..

Elements for Members. Built-up girders may be decomposed into plates (or members) for web, flanges, cover plates, longitudinal stiffeners, and vertical stiffeners. Comment: Not adding any partOf requirements since plates a....